[docs] Update routing & navigation docs to point to `expo-router` (#21485)
expo/expo: docs/pages/guides/routing-and-navigation.mdx

import { Terminal } from '~/ui/components/Snippet';

Routing and navigation refer to organizing an app into different screens, mapping screens to URLs, moving between those screens, and displaying the appropriate platform-specific navigation-related user interface elements (for example, tabs, navigation bars, screen transition animations and gestures, and drawers). Navigation has very nuanced behavior on each platform and is extremely complicated to build entirely on your own, so you should always use a library to ensure that your app looks and behaves as users expect.

## Expo Router

**Expo Router** brings the best routing concepts from the web to native Android and iOS apps. Every file in the app directory automatically becomes a route in your mobile navigation, making it easier than ever to build, maintain, and scale your project. It's built on top of our powerful [React Navigation suite](https://reactnavigation.org/) enabling truly native navigation. The entire deep linking system is automatically generated live, so users can share links to any route in your app.

<Video file="expo-router/routing.mp4" loop={false} />

### Getting started

> To get started with Expo Router, run the following command to create a project with `expo-router` setup:

Author: ```suggestion
To quickly get started with Expo Router, run the following command to create a project with `expo-router` setup:
```

<Terminal cmd={['$ npx create-expo-app@latest -e with-router']} />

<BoxLink
  title="Expo Router documentation"

>   description="To learn more about Expo Router, check out the documentation."

Author: ```suggestion
  description="For more in-depth information and guides about Expo Router, check out the documentation."
```
